but celebrity baby names are so unusual
now the rumor actually is jay-z and
Beyonce
name their kids Rumi and sir I hope
that's not true but I we don't know the
names of the twins and I want to have
some fun with that so this afternoon we
went on the street we asked people to
congratulate Beyonce and jay-z on their
recent arrival with some baby names we
made up and though this is how that went
I've heard that Beyonce recently gave
birth to twins yeah
would you like to congratulate Beyonce
and jay-z on the birth of their
beautiful new children cucumber and
uvula cucumber and ulah ulah okay to the
camera okay congratulations so much
you're very lucky to have two beautiful
children cucumber and uvula do you come
round uvula and I wish you the best of
luck
hi so you've heard that Beyonce and
jay-z recently welcomed twins
yes that's exciting would you like to
congratulate them on the birth of their
new son and daughter Denver and omelet
absolutely congratulations to you guys
Denver and omelet or I'm sure gonna be a
huge blessings to you would you like to
congratulate Beyonce and jay-z on the
birth of their twins lamp line and
retweet hi jay-z and Beyonce
congratulations on land's line and
retweet q names right yes you know the
landline is Jesse on the birth of their
new babies Bed Bath & Beyond say Bed
Bath & Beyond say yeah that's their
baby's name yeah
congratulations Bed Bath & Beyond say
you like to congratulate Beyonce and
jay-z on the birth of their twins
Pantene and neosporin husbands Pantene
and neosporin that's right yeah hey
Beyonce hey Jersey congratulations on
your new set of twins
Zumba and Zika congratulations on Zumba
Oh gorgeous very unique congratulations
Jay Z and Beyonce on your twins mom had
blondes congratulations on the birth of
Coco Loco and hydraulics adorable
congratulations Beyonce on Megatron and
glute congratulations on the birth of
emphysema and Kevin's Beyonce and jay-z
on the birth of their twins gonorrhea
and amoxicillin I would like to
congratulate Beyonce and jay-z on the
birth of their twins gonorrhea and moxa
said it Nazi congratulations on the
birth through a Twins bebop and
rocksteady hopefully saved up for
college kids were expensive don't
recommend them
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever